Quote,Author
1. "The only way to do great work is to love what you do." - Steve Jobs
2. "Believe you can and you're halfway there." - Theodore Roosevelt
3. "Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts." - Winston Churchill
4. "Your limitation—it's only your imagination." - Unknown
5. "Push yourself, because no one else is going to do it for you." - Unknown
6. "Great things never come from comfort zones." - Unknown
7. "Dream it. Wish it. Do it." - Unknown
8. "Success doesn't just find you. You have to go out and get it." - Unknown
9. "The harder you work for something, the greater you'll feel when you achieve it." - Unknown
10. "Dream bigger. Do bigger." - Unknown
11. "Don't stop when you're tired. Stop when you're done." - Unknown
12. "Wake up with determination. Go to bed with satisfaction." - Unknown
13. "Do something today that your future self will thank you for." - Unknown
14. "Little things make big days." - Unknown
15. "It's going to be hard, but hard does not mean impossible." - Unknown
16. "Don't wait for opportunity. Create it." - Unknown
17. "Sometimes we're tested not to show our weaknesses, but to discover our strengths." - Unknown
18. "The key to success is to focus on goals, not obstacles." - Unknown
19. "Dream it. Believe it. Build it." - Unknown
20. "The only way to achieve the impossible is to believe it is possible." - Unknown
21. "Failure is the opportunity to begin again more intelligently." - Henry Ford
22. "The secret of getting ahead is getting started." - Mark Twain
23. "The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
24. "The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams." - Eleanor Roosevelt
25. "The best way to predict the future is to invent it." - Alan Kay
26. "Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful." - Albert Schweitzer
27. "Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going." - Sam Levenson
28. "You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream." - C.S. Lewis
29. "The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary." - Vidal Sassoon
30. "The best revenge is massive success." - Frank Sinatra
31. "The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
32. "Just when the caterpillar thought the world was ending, he turned into a butterfly." - Proverb
33. "Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm." - Winston Churchill
34. "You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great." - Zig Ziglar
35. "Opportunities don't happen, you create them." - Chris Grosser
36. "Don't be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart." - Roy T. Bennett
37. "I never dreamed about success, I worked for it." - Estee Lauder
38. "The only way to achieve the impossible is to believe it is possible." - Charles Kingsleigh
39. "Success is not in what you have, but who you are." - Bo Bennett
40. "The only thing standing between you and your goal is the story you keep telling yourself as to why you can't achieve it." - Jordan Belfort
41. "Hardships often prepare ordinary people for an extraordinary destiny." - C.S. Lewis
42. "Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot, but make it hot by striking." - William Butler Yeats
43. "Believe in yourself and all that you are. Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle." - Christian D. Larson
44. "What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals." - Zig Ziglar
45. "The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
46. "The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step." - Lao Tzu
47. "You don't have to be perfect to be amazing." - Unknown
48. "In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity." - Albert Einstein
49. "Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world." - Roy T. Bennett
50. "What you do today can improve all your tomorrows." - Ralph Marston
51. "Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great." - John D. Rockefeller
52. "Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day-in and day-out." - Robert Collier
53. "The best revenge is massive success." - Frank Sinatra
54. "Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful." - Albert Schweitzer
55. "Life is 10% what happens to us and 90% how we react to it." - Charles R. Swindoll
56. "Success is not the absence of failure; it's the persistence through failure." - Aisha Tyler
57. "The only way to achieve the impossible is to believe it is possible." - Charles Kingsleigh
58. "Believe you can and you're halfway there." - Theodore Roosevelt
59. "Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world." - Roy T. Bennett
60. "What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals." - Zig Ziglar
61. "Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going." - Sam Levenson
62. "Don't be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart." - Roy T. Bennett
63. "The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
64. "The only way to achieve the impossible is to believe it is possible." - Charles Kingsleigh
65. "Hardships often prepare ordinary people for an extraordinary destiny." - C.S. Lewis
66. "The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step." - Lao Tzu
67. "You don't have to be perfect to be amazing." - Unknown
68. "In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity." - Albert Einstein
69. "Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world." - Roy T. Bennett
70. "What you do today can improve all your tomorrows." - Ralph Marston
71. "Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great." - John D. Rockefeller
72. "Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day-in and day-out." - Robert Collier
73. "The best revenge is massive success." - Frank Sinatra
74. "Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful." - Albert Schweitzer
75. "Life is 10% what happens to us and 90% how we react to it." - Charles R. Swindoll
76. "Success is not the absence of failure; it's the persistence through failure." - Aisha Tyler
77. "The only way to achieve the impossible is to believe it is possible." - Charles Kingsleigh
78. "Believe you can and you're halfway there." - Theodore Roosevelt
79. "Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world." - Roy T. Bennett
80. "What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals." - Zig Ziglar
81. "Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going." - Sam Levenson
82. "Don't be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart." - Roy T. Bennett
83. "The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
84. "The only way to achieve the impossible is to believe it is possible." - Charles Kingsleigh
85. "Hardships often prepare ordinary people for an extraordinary destiny." - C.S. Lewis
86. "The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step." - Lao Tzu
87. "You don't have to be perfect to be amazing." - Unknown
88. "In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity." - Albert Einstein
89. "Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world." - Roy T. Bennett
90. "What you do today can improve all your tomorrows." - Ralph Marston
91. "Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great." - John D. Rockefeller
92. "Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day-in and day-out." - Robert Collier
93. "The best revenge is massive success." - Frank Sinatra
94. "Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful." - Albert Schweitzer
95. "Life is 10% what happens to us and 90% how we react to it." - Charles R. Swindoll
96. "Success is not the absence of failure; it's the persistence through failure." - Aisha Tyler
97. "The only way to achieve the impossible is to believe it is possible." - Charles Kingsleigh
98. "Believe you can and you're halfway there." - Theodore Roosevelt
99. "Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world." - Roy T. Bennett
100. "What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals." - Zig Ziglar